chapter 11 but King Solomon loved many
strange woman together with the daughter
of Pharaoh women of the moabites
ammonites edomites zidonians and
Hittites of the nation's concerning
which the Lord said unto the children of
Israel ye shall not go into them neither
shall they come in unto you for surely
they will turn away your heart after
their gods Solomon clave unto these in
love and he had seven hundred wives
princesses and 300 concubines and his
wives turned away his heart for it came
to pass when Solomon was old that his
wives turned away his heart after other
gods and his heart was not perfect with
the Lord his God as was the heart of
David his father for Solomon went after
ashteroth the goddess of the zidonians
and after milk on the abomination of the
ammonites and Solomon did evil in the
sight of the Lord and went not fully
after the Lord as did David his father
then did Solomon build an high place for
chimo the abomination of Moab in the
hill that is before Jerusalem and for
Molech the abomination of the children
of Ammon and likewise did he for all his
strange wives which burnt incense and
sacrificed unto their gods and the Lord
was angry with Solomon because his heart
was turned from the Lord God of Israel
which had appeared unto him twice and
had commanded him concerning this thing
that he should not go after other gods
but he kept not that which the LORD
commanded wherefore the Lord said unto
Solomon for as much as this is done of
thee and thou has not kept my covenant
and my statutes which I have commanded
thee I will surely rend the kingdom from
the and we'll give it to thy servant
notwithstanding in thy days I will not
do it for David thy father's sake but I
will rent it out of the hand of thy son
I'll be it
I will not render way all the kingdom
but will give one tribe to thy son for
David my servant sake and for
Jerusalem's sake which I have chosen and
the Lord stirred up an adversary unto
Solomon Haddad the Edomite he was of the
King's seed and Edom for it came to pass
when David was in Edom and Joab the
captain of the host was gone up
to bury the slain after he had smitten
every male in Edom for six months to
Joab remained there with all Israel
until he had cut off every male in Edom
that Haddad fled he and certain Edomites
of his father's servants with him to go
into Egypt Haddad being yet a little
child and they arose out of Midian and
came to Paran and they took men with
them out of Paran and they came to Egypt
unto Pharaoh king of Egypt which gave
him in a house and appointed him
victuals and gave him land and Haddad
found great favor in the sight of
Pharaoh so that he gave him to wife the
sister of his own wife the sister of
tapi knees the Queen and the sister of
totty knees bare him the new birth his
son whom tapi knees weaned in Pharaoh's
house and ganoub ax was in Pharaoh's
household among the sons of Pharaoh and
when Haddad heard in Egypt that David
slept with his father's and the Joab the
captain of the host was dead Haddad said
to Pharaoh let me depart that I may go
to mine own country then Pharaoh said
unto Him but what has thou lacked with
me that behold thou seekest to go to
thine own country and he answered
nothing howbeit let me go in any wise
and God stirred him up another adversary
for his own the son of Elijah which fled
from his Lord had a desire king of Zuba
and he gathered men unto him and became
captain over a band when David slew them
of Zuba and they went to Damascus and
dwelt therein and reigned in Damascus
and he was an adversary to Israel all
the days of Solomon beside the mischief
that Haddad did and he abhorred Israel
and reigned over Syria and Jeroboam the
son of Nebat an effort right of zeda
solomon's servant whose mother's name
was Zorua
a widowed woman even he lifted up his
hand against the king and this was the
cause that he lifted up his hand against
the King Solomon built Millo and
repaired the breaches of the City of
David his father and the man Jeroboam
was a mighty man of Valor and Solomon
seeing the young man that he was
industrious he made him ruler over all
the charge of the house of Joseph and it
came to pass at that time when Jeroboam
out of Jerusalem that the prophet Elijah
the Shilla night found him in the way
and he had clad himself with a new
garment and they too were alone in the
field and a Hydra caught the new garment
that was on him and rent it in 12 pieces
and he said to Jeroboam take the 10
pieces for thus saith the Lord the God
of Israel behold I will rend the kingdom
out of the hand of Solomon and will give
10 tribes to thee but he shall have one
tribe for my servant David sake for
Jerusalem's sake the city which I have
chosen out of all the tribes of Israel
because that they have forsaken me and
have worship ashteroth the God of the
zidonians shamash the god of the
moabites and milcom the god of the
children of Ammon and have not walked in
my ways to do that which is right in
mine eyes and to keep my statutes and my
judgments as did David his father I'll
be it I will not take the whole kingdom
out of his hand but I will make him
Prince all the days of his life for
David my servants sake whom I chose
because he kept my Commandments and my
statutes but I will take the kingdom out
of his son's hand and will give it unto
thee even ten tribes and unto his son
will I give one tribe that David my
servant may have a light always before
me in Jerusalem the city which I have
chosen me to put my name there and I
will take thee and thou shalt reign
according to all that thy soul desireth
and shalt be king over Israel and it
shall be if thou wilt hearken unto all
that I command thee and will walk in my
ways and do all that is right in my
sight to keep my statutes and my
Commandments as David my servant did
that I will be with thee and build the
assure house as I built for David and
will give Israel unto thee and I will
for this afflict the seed of David but
not for ever
Solomon sought therefore to kill
Jeroboam and Jeroboam arose and fled
into Egypt unto sha sha king of Egypt
and was in Egypt until the death of
Solomon and the rest of the acts of
Solomon and all that he did and his
wisdom are they not written in the books
of the acts of Solomon and the time that
Solomon reigned in Giroux
oh um overall Israel was 40 years and
Solomon slept with his father's and was
buried in the City of David his father
and Rehoboam his son reigned in his
stead